the Book of Ezekiel now it came to pass
the Book of Ezekiel now it came to pass in the 30th year in the fourth month on
in the 30th year in the fourth month on
in the 30th year in the fourth month on the fifth day of the month as I was
the fifth day of the month as I was
the fifth day of the month as I was among the captives by the river key bar
among the captives by the river key bar
among the captives by the river key bar that the heavens were opened and I saw
that the heavens were opened and I saw
that the heavens were opened and I saw visions of God on the fifth day of the
visions of God on the fifth day of the
visions of God on the fifth day of the month which was in the fifth year of
month which was in the fifth year of
month which was in the fifth year of King Jay Hawkins captivity the word of
King Jay Hawkins captivity the word of
King Jay Hawkins captivity the word of the lord came expressly to ezekiel the
the lord came expressly to ezekiel the
the lord came expressly to ezekiel the priest the son of booze i in the land of
priest the son of booze i in the land of
priest the son of booze i in the land of the Chaldeans by the river Kiba and the
the Chaldeans by the river Kiba and the
the Chaldeans by the river Kiba and the hand of the Lord was upon him there then
hand of the Lord was upon him there then
hand of the Lord was upon him there then I looked and behold a whirlwind was
I looked and behold a whirlwind was
I looked and behold a whirlwind was coming out of the north a great cloud
coming out of the north a great cloud
coming out of the north a great cloud with raging fire engulfing itself and
with raging fire engulfing itself and
with raging fire engulfing itself and brightness was all around it and
brightness was all around it and
brightness was all around it and radiating out of its midst like the
radiating out of its midst like the
radiating out of its midst like the color of amber out of the midst of the
color of amber out of the midst of the
color of amber out of the midst of the fire
fire
fire also from within it came the likeness of
also from within it came the likeness of
also from within it came the likeness of four living creatures and this was their
four living creatures and this was their
four living creatures and this was their appearance they had the likeness of a
appearance they had the likeness of a
appearance they had the likeness of a man each one had four faces and each one
man each one had four faces and each one
man each one had four faces and each one had four wings their legs were straight
had four wings their legs were straight
had four wings their legs were straight and the soles of their feet were like
and the soles of their feet were like
and the soles of their feet were like the soles of calves feet they sparkled
the soles of calves feet they sparkled
the soles of calves feet they sparkled like the color of burnished bronze
like the color of burnished bronze
like the color of burnished bronze the hands of man were under their wings
the hands of man were under their wings
the hands of man were under their wings on their four sides and each of the four
on their four sides and each of the four
on their four sides and each of the four had faces and wings their wings touched
had faces and wings their wings touched
had faces and wings their wings touched one another the creatures did not turn
one another the creatures did not turn
one another the creatures did not turn when they went but each one went
when they went but each one went
when they went but each one went straight forward as for the likeness of
straight forward as for the likeness of
straight forward as for the likeness of their faces each had the face of a man
their faces each had the face of a man
their faces each had the face of a man each of the four had the face of a lion
each of the four had the face of a lion
each of the four had the face of a lion on the right side each of the four had
on the right side each of the four had
on the right side each of the four had the face of an ox on the left side and
the face of an ox on the left side and
the face of an ox on the left side and each of the four had the face of an
each of the four had the face of an
each of the four had the face of an eagle
eagle
eagle thus were their faces their wings
thus were their faces their wings
thus were their faces their wings stretched upward two wings of each one
stretched upward two wings of each one
stretched upward two wings of each one touched one another and two covered
touched one another and two covered
touched one another and two covered their bodies and each one went straight
their bodies and each one went straight
their bodies and each one went straight forward they went wherever the spirit
forward they went wherever the spirit
forward they went wherever the spirit wanted to go and they did not turn when
wanted to go and they did not turn when
wanted to go and they did not turn when they went as for the likeness of the
they went as for the likeness of the
they went as for the likeness of the living creatures their appearance was
living creatures their appearance was
living creatures their appearance was like burning coals of fire like the
like burning coals of fire like the
like burning coals of fire like the appearance of torches going back and
appearance of torches going back and
appearance of torches going back and forth among the living creatures the
forth among the living creatures the
forth among the living creatures the fire was bright and out of the fire with
fire was bright and out of the fire with
fire was bright and out of the fire with lightning
and the living creatures ran back and
and the living creatures ran back and forth in appearance like a flash of
forth in appearance like a flash of
forth in appearance like a flash of lightning
lightning
lightning [Music]
now as I looked at the living creatures
now as I looked at the living creatures behold a wheel was on the earth beside
behold a wheel was on the earth beside
behold a wheel was on the earth beside each living creature with its four faces
each living creature with its four faces
each living creature with its four faces the appearance of the wheels and their
the appearance of the wheels and their
the appearance of the wheels and their workings was like the colour of Burrill
workings was like the colour of Burrill
workings was like the colour of Burrill and all four had the same likeness the
and all four had the same likeness the
and all four had the same likeness the appearance of their workings was as it
appearance of their workings was as it
appearance of their workings was as it were a wheel in the middle of a wheel
were a wheel in the middle of a wheel
were a wheel in the middle of a wheel when they moved they went toward any one
when they moved they went toward any one
when they moved they went toward any one of four directions they did not turn
of four directions they did not turn
of four directions they did not turn aside when they went as for their rims
aside when they went as for their rims
aside when they went as for their rims they were so high they were awesome and
they were so high they were awesome and
they were so high they were awesome and their rims were full of eyes all around
their rims were full of eyes all around
their rims were full of eyes all around the four of them
the four of them
the four of them when the living creatures went the
when the living creatures went the
when the living creatures went the wheels went beside them and when the
wheels went beside them and when the
wheels went beside them and when the living creatures were lifted up from the
living creatures were lifted up from the
living creatures were lifted up from the earth the wheels were lifted up wherever
earth the wheels were lifted up wherever
earth the wheels were lifted up wherever the spirit wanted to go they went
the spirit wanted to go they went
the spirit wanted to go they went because there the Spirit went and the
because there the Spirit went and the
because there the Spirit went and the wheels were lifted together with them
wheels were lifted together with them
wheels were lifted together with them for the spirit of the living creatures
for the spirit of the living creatures
for the spirit of the living creatures was in the wheels when those went these
was in the wheels when those went these
was in the wheels when those went these went when those stood these stood and
went when those stood these stood and
went when those stood these stood and when those were lifted up from the earth
when those were lifted up from the earth
when those were lifted up from the earth the wheels were lifted up together with
the wheels were lifted up together with
the wheels were lifted up together with them for the spirit of the living
them for the spirit of the living
them for the spirit of the living creatures was in the wheels
creatures was in the wheels
creatures was in the wheels [Music]
[Music]
[Music] the likeness of the firmament above the
the likeness of the firmament above the
the likeness of the firmament above the heads of the living creatures was like
heads of the living creatures was like
heads of the living creatures was like the color of an awesome crystal
the color of an awesome crystal
the color of an awesome crystal stretched out over their heads and under
stretched out over their heads and under
stretched out over their heads and under the firmament their wings spread out
the firmament their wings spread out
the firmament their wings spread out straight one toward another each one had
straight one toward another each one had
straight one toward another each one had to which covered one side and each one
to which covered one side and each one
to which covered one side and each one had to which covered the other side of
had to which covered the other side of
had to which covered the other side of the body when they went I heard the
the body when they went I heard the
the body when they went I heard the noise of their wings like the noise of
noise of their wings like the noise of
noise of their wings like the noise of many waters like the voice of the
many waters like the voice of the
many waters like the voice of the Almighty
Almighty
Almighty a tumult like the noise of an army and
a tumult like the noise of an army and
a tumult like the noise of an army and when they stood still they let down
when they stood still they let down
when they stood still they let down their wings a voice came from above the
their wings a voice came from above the
their wings a voice came from above the firmament that was over their heads
firmament that was over their heads
firmament that was over their heads whenever they stood they let down their
whenever they stood they let down their
whenever they stood they let down their wings and above the firmament over their
wings and above the firmament over their
wings and above the firmament over their heads was the likeness of a throne in
heads was the likeness of a throne in
heads was the likeness of a throne in appearance like a sapphire stone on the
appearance like a sapphire stone on the
appearance like a sapphire stone on the likeness of the throne
likeness of the throne
likeness of the throne was a lightness with the appearance of a
was a lightness with the appearance of a
was a lightness with the appearance of a man high above it also from the
man high above it also from the
man high above it also from the appearance of his waist and upward I saw
appearance of his waist and upward I saw
appearance of his waist and upward I saw as it were the color of amber with the
as it were the color of amber with the
as it were the color of amber with the appearance of fire all around within it
appearance of fire all around within it
appearance of fire all around within it and from the appearance of his waist and
and from the appearance of his waist and
and from the appearance of his waist and downward I saw as it were the appearance
downward I saw as it were the appearance
downward I saw as it were the appearance of fire with brightness all around like
of fire with brightness all around like
of fire with brightness all around like the appearance of a rainbow in a cloud
the appearance of a rainbow in a cloud
the appearance of a rainbow in a cloud on a rainy day so was the appearance of
on a rainy day so was the appearance of
on a rainy day so was the appearance of the brightness all around it
the brightness all around it
the brightness all around it this was the appearance of the lightness
this was the appearance of the lightness
this was the appearance of the lightness of the glory of the Lord so when I saw
of the glory of the Lord so when I saw
of the glory of the Lord so when I saw it
it
it [Music]
[Music]
[Music] I fell on my face and I heard a voice of
I fell on my face and I heard a voice of
I fell on my face and I heard a voice of one speaking
one speaking
one speaking [Music]